Add action output for using the error message (#65)
obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks-action: README.md

  with:
    prefix-key: v1
```

## Using the error message as output

In case the semver check fails, this action will populate the `error_message` output.

[An output can be used in other steps](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/defining-outputs-for-jobs), for example to comment the error message onto the pull request.

```yml
name: "Check PR"

on:

>   pull_request_target:

Reviewer: This seems a bit risky to include in an example workflow:
https://nathandavison.com/blog/github-actions-and-the-threat-of-malicious-pull-requests

Author: I think [sticky-pull-request-comment](https://github.com/marocchino/sticky-pull-request-comment) requires those permissions - do you think how can we suggest adding write permission in a secure way?

Also, we can remove the workflow `name` and `pull_request_target` etc. to keep the example simple (just give out `steps:`) - what do you think?

Reviewer: If I remember correctly, any time a workflow has the combination of:
- `pull_request_target`
- a checkout of the PR's head repo (where you're pulling *from*)
- PR-controlled command execution (running a script, installing dependencies with `build.rs` or `setup.py` script, etc.)

Then that's a security vulnerability 100% of the time. `cargo-semver-checks` involves PR-controlled command execution because it runs `cargo doc` which installs dependencies (PR-controlled) which runs `build.rs` scripts.

It's possible I'm misunderstanding something — GitHub Actions could really have made this stuff more clear — but it'd be great to err on the side of being conservative here.

Would it be possible to wire it up so that:
- We generate the cargo-semver-checks output in a job triggered on `pull_request` not `pull_request_target`, and [save the output as an artifact](https://github.com/actions/upload-artifact).
- We then download the artifact and run the sticky-pull-request-comment job in a workflow with appropriate permissions.

This way, we don't have to give elevated permissions to the `cargo-semver-checks` run, and in the worst case an attacker might edit the comment the workflow would post on their PR instead of anything more severe.

What do you think?

Author: I made the suggested changes, however I didn't go with `actions/upload-artifact`, used `outputs` instead. I think the users can save the error output if they find that necessary.

This works as expected, but there is one problem:

![image](https://github.com/obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks-action/assets/24392180/4a17fa10-799a-40df-9173-f246b29d70fb)

Any idea how to get the correct error message?

Author: Okay, feels a bit hacky but I get it working (based on the example from [actions/exec](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@actions/exec#outputoptions))

One thing to mention is that `cargo-semver-checks` uses both `stderr`/`stdout` for error output so I needed to capture both. Maybe consider changing that behavior in the future to make things more consistent 🐻 i.e. I was expecting to see the full error output in `stderr` but it was not present.

Also, we can probably rename `error_message` output to something else since it captures everything now.

Another issue, `cargo-semver-checks` always uses colors, I couldn't find an argument to turn these off. (e.g. `--color=always/never` etc.)

That's why the output looks like the following:

![image](https://github.com/obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks-action/assets/24392180/30f59ec7-2c0b-4deb-92cf-a325e6bdf2ff)

So I stripped the ANSI codes with using another library. That was the quickest thing that I can come up with but I think we can improve it.

Right now it looks like this:

![image](https://github.com/obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks-action/assets/24392180/84727389-dd81-4b75-8c6b-9a2fe564f8bb)

Reviewer: Thanks, this is all incredible research and top-notch feedback on what improvements to make in cargo-semver-checks in the future. Opened https://github.com/obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks/issues/719 for the color flags.

For the stdout/stderr changes, we'll need to both think through which things get printed where and set up test infrastructure to ensure we do it right. I'm in favor of that existing, but I'm not sure it's an immediate priority at the moment. Your approach here is very reasonable, and I'm in favor of renaming the output from `error_message` to something else — perhaps `output` or `cli_output` or something along those lines?

Author: 03c8159386e6fcd2502199f1ce4f659b9491eae8

    types:
      - opened
      - edited
      - synchronize

jobs:
  main:
    name: Check semver
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Run cargo-semver-checks
        id: check_semver
        uses: obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks-action@v2

      - uses: marocchino/sticky-pull-request-comment@v2
        # When the previous steps fails, the workflow would stop. By adding this
        # condition you can continue the execution with the populated error message.
        if: always()
        with:
          header: pr-semver-check-error
          message: |
            Thank you for opening this pull request!

>             There seems to be semver incompatibility issues reported by [cargo-semver-checks](https://github.com/obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks).

Reviewer: Nit: Could we use some softer wording here until we can conclusively say the breaking change was introduced by *this PR* rather than "at some point between the last version and this PR, including in a prior already-merged PR"?

Perhaps something along the lines of:
```suggestion
            Reviewer note: [cargo-semver-checks](https://github.com/obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks) reported the current version number is not SemVer-compatible with the changes made since the last release.
```

Author: 2999dc7828f4a6905cd8290d58eec7030d1cafd6

            Details:

>             > ${{ steps.check_semver.outputs.error_message }}

Reviewer: Would this be better in a code block, since it might be multi-line?

Author: ff9af622fdc3e6e48138ef5c86d083b57f09bb52

  with:
    prefix-key: v1
```

## Using the error message as output

In case the semver check fails, this action will populate the `error_message` output.

[An output can be used in other steps](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/defining-outputs-for-jobs), for example to comment the error message onto the pull request.

```yml
name: "Check PR"

on:
  pull_request:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  check-semver:
    name: Check semver
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    outputs:
      error_message: ${{ steps.check_semver.outputs.error_message }}
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v4

      - name: Run cargo-semver-checks
        id: check_semver
        uses: obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks-action@v2

  comment-on-pr:
    name: Comment on pull request
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    needs: check-semver
    if: always()
    permissions:

>       pull-requests: write

Reviewer: Oh interesting! Does this work correctly even if the PR comes from a fork of the repo? 👀

I would have assumed this might give the job "PR write" permissions _on the fork_, but admittedly I find the GitHub Actions permissions model confusing and unpredictable even after working with it for years.

Author: Yeah I find it confusing as well. I need to find some time to set up a repo to test this - running out of time now.

Reviewer: If you get a chance to test this, I'd love to make sure it works well before we put it in the docs.

Reviewer: I never got a chance to dig too deep into this, but last time I looked, one possible answer seemed to be something like "create a GitHub App." That seemed a bit annoying to do, so I didn't do it at the time.

If you find or hear about any other possible workarounds, I'd love to know about them.

Author: Ah, I see. Well, I'm not sure then. Creating a GitHub app definitely sounds annoying :D
